Add documentation for EnforceCodeStyleInBuild and AnalysisMode proper… (#20537)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

| `5.0` | The set of rules that was enabled for the .NET 5.0 release is used, even if newer rules are available. |
| `5` | The set of rules that was enabled for the .NET 5.0 release is used, even if newer rules are available. |

### AnalysisMode

> Starting with .NET 5.0 RC2, the .NET SDK ships with [all "CA" code quality rules](/visualstudio/code-quality/code-analysis-for-managed-code-warnings). By default, only [some rules are enabled by default](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#enabled-rules) as build warnings. The `AnalysisMode` property lets you customize the set of enabled by default rules. You can either switch to a more aggressive (opt-out) analysis mode or a more conservative (opt-in) analysis mode. For example, if you want to enable all rules by default as build warnings, you can set the value to `AllEnabledByDefault`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET 5.0 RC2, the .NET SDK ships with all of the ["CA" code quality rules](/visualstudio/code-quality/code-analysis-for-managed-code-warnings). By default, only [some rules are enabled](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#enabled-rules) as build warnings. The `AnalysisMode` property lets you customize the set of rules that are enabled by default. You can either switch to a more aggressive (opt-out) analysis mode or a more conservative (opt-in) analysis mode. For example, if you want to enable all rules by default as build warnings, set the value to `AllEnabledByDefault`.
```

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <AnalysisMode>AllEnabledByDefault</AnalysisMode>
</PropertyGroup>
```

The following table shows the available options.

| Value | Meaning |
|-|-|

> | `Default` | Default mode, where certain rules are enabled as build warnings, certain rules are enabled as Visual Studio IDE suggestions, and remainder are disabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Default` | Default mode, where certain rules are enabled as build warnings, certain rules are enabled as Visual Studio IDE suggestions, and the remainder are disabled. |
```

> | `AllEnabledByDefault` | Aggressive or Opt-out mode, where all rules are enabled by default as build warnings. You can selectively [opt out](../../fundamentals/productivity/configure-code-analysis-rules.md) of individual rules to disable them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AllEnabledByDefault` | Aggressive or opt-out mode, where all rules are enabled by default as build warnings. You can selectively [opt out](../../fundamentals/productivity/configure-code-analysis-rules.md) of individual rules to disable them. |
```

> | `AllDisabledByDefault` | Conservative or Opt-in mode, where all rules are disabled by default. You can selectively [opt into](../../fundamentals/productivity/configure-code-analysis-rules.md) individual rules to enable them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AllDisabledByDefault` | Conservative or opt-in mode, where all rules are disabled by default. You can selectively [opt into](../../fundamentals/productivity/configure-code-analysis-rules.md) individual rules to enable them. |
```

### CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors

> The `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` property lets you configure whether code quality analysis warnings should be treated as warnings and break the build. If you use the `-warnaserror` flag when you build your projects, [.NET code quality analysis](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#code-quality-analysis) warnings are also treated as errors. If you only want compiler warnings to be treated as errors, you can set the `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` MSBuild property to `false` in your project file.

Author: ```suggestion
The `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` property lets you configure whether code quality analysis warnings (CAxxxx) should be treated as warnings and break the build. If you use the `-warnaserror` flag when you build your projects, [.NET code quality analysis](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#code-quality-analysis) warnings are also treated as errors. If you only want compiler warnings to be treated as errors, you can set the `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` MSBuild property to `false` in your project file.
```

> The `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` property lets you configure whether code quality analysis warnings (CAxxxx) should be treated as warnings and break the build. If you use the `-warnaserror` flag when you build your projects, [.NET code quality analysis](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#code-quality-analysis) warnings are also treated as errors. If you only want compiler warnings to be treated as errors, you can set the `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` MSBuild property to `false` in your project file.

Author: ```suggestion
The `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` property lets you configure whether code quality analysis warnings (CAxxxx) should be treated as warnings and break the build. If you use the `-warnaserror` flag when you build your projects, [.NET code quality analysis](../../fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md#code-quality-analysis) warnings are also treated as errors. If you do not want code quality analysis warnings to be treated as errors, you can set the `CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors` MSBuild property to `false` in your project file.
```
